README.md, before:

## Ansible labs 2023


### Collection of all the labs I will be making during my Ansible learning path.

![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white)

<!-- ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white)
# ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)
# ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) -->


### base directory
1. Current
- First playbook
- Installing software to Rocky/RHEL based linux server/VM
- Starting Services
- Hardening SSH access by disabling password authentication

2. To-be-added ideas
- Put cronjobs in place
- Execute commands or scripts on remote machine and report to ansible's output (i.e netstat, lsblk, df-h, uptime)
- Check server system activity reports and stats. [1]
- Work with conditionals

[1] https://opensource.com/article/21/3/ansible-sysadmin#:~:text=Gather%20server%20stats%20and%20sars

Commit message:

Updated README file with newer project

README.md, after:

## Ansible labs 2023


### Collection of all the labs I will be making during my Ansible learning path.

![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white)

<!-- ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white)
# ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)
# ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) -->


### base directory
1. First playbook
- Installing software to Rocky/RHEL based linux server/VM
- Starting Services
- Hardening SSH access by disabling password authentication

### project01 directory
2. Applying learned concepts
- Real life-oriented scenario, not just a base preparation for a server

3. Potential implementation
- Deployment of a Jenkins server for CI/CD workflows
- Preparation of test/pre-prod environment for NodeJS applications
- 


<!--
2. To-be-added ideas
- Put cronjobs in place
- Execute commands or scripts on remote machine and report to ansible's output (i.e netstat, lsblk, df-h, uptime)
- Check server system activity reports and stats. [1]
- Work with conditionals

[1] https://opensource.com/article/21/3/ansible-sysadmin#:~:text=Gather%20server%20stats%20and%20sars
-->
